---
aliases:
- /2024/02/15/2024-02-15-minutes-forum/
author: Dimitris Zacharopoulos
date: 2024-02-15 00:00:00
tags:
- Forum
- Minutes
title: 2024-02-15 Minutes of the CA/Browser Forum Teleconference
type: post
---

# CA/Browser Forum Teleconference

## February 15, 2024

**1. Roll Call**

Aaron Gable - (Let's Encrypt), Aaron Poulsen - (Amazon), Abhishek Bhat - (eMudhra), Adam Jones - (Microsoft), Adrian Mueller - (SwissSign), Antti Backman - (Telia Company), Brianca Martin - (Amazon), Brittany Randall - (GoDaddy), Bruce Morton - (Entrust), Chris Clements - (Google), Clint Wilson - (Apple), Corey Bonnell - (DigiCert), Corey Rasmussen - (OATI), David Kluge - (Google), Dean Coclin - (DigiCert), Dimitris Zacharopoulos - (HARICA), Doug Beattie - (GlobalSign), Dustin Hollenback - (Microsoft), Enrico Entschew - (D-TRUST), Eva Vansteenberge - (GlobalSign), Gregory Tomko - (GlobalSign), Inaba Atsushi - (GlobalSign), Inigo Barreira - (Sectigo), Jaime Hablutzel - (OISTE Foundation), Johnny Reading - (GoDaddy), Jos Purvis - (Fastly), Karina Sirota - (Microsoft), Keshava Nagaraju - (eMudhra), Kiran Tummala - (Microsoft), Lynn Jeun - (Visa), Mads Henriksveen - (Buypass AS), Marcelo Silva - (Visa), Marco Schambach - (IdenTrust), Mark Nelson - (IdenTrust), Martijn Katerbarg - (Sectigo), Michelle Coon - (OATI), Miguel Sanchez - (Google), Mrugesh Chandarana - (IdenTrust), Nargis Mannan - (VikingCloud), Nate Smith - (GoDaddy), Nicol So - (CommScope), Pedro Fuentes - (OISTE Foundation), Peter Miskovic - (Disig), Rebecca Kelley - (Apple), RIch Smith - (DigiCert), Rollin Yu - (TrustAsia), Roman Fischer - (SwissSign), Sandy Balzer - (SwissSign), Stephen Davidson - (DigiCert), Tadahiko Ito - (SECOM Trust Systems), Tathan Thacker - (IdenTrust), Thomas Zermeno - (SSL.com), Tobias Josefowitz - (Opera Software AS), Trevoli Ponds-White - (Amazon), Tsung-Min Kuo - (Chunghwa Telecom), Wayne Thayer - (Fastly), Wendy Brown - (US Federal PKI Management Authority), Yashwanth TM - (eMudhra), Yoshihiko Matsuo - (Japan Registry Services).

**2. Read note-well**

The note-well was read.

**3. Review of Agenda**

The Agenda was approved.

**4. Approval of minutes from the January 4, 2024 Teleconference (minutes have been distributed)**

The minutes were approved.

**5. Approval of minutes from the February 1, 2024 Teleconference (minutes have been distributed)**

The minutes were approved.

**6. Server Certificate Working Group update (Inigo)**

The applications for new members were discussed, including their compliance with requirements and any concerns raised.

The main topic of discussion was the handling of open issues and how to address them effectively, as there were many unresolved issues dating back several years. Suggestions for improvement were encouraged.

There is a concern about issues not containing enough context and being self-contained, making it difficult to engage in them.

It is suggested to create a set of required fields for entering issues and make a pass at old ones to answer basic questions, with the possibility of closing old ones that cannot be addressed.

There was a suggestion to limit the number of updates or versions per year to make it easier for the community to handle.

The upcoming face-to-face meeting in Delhi was mentioned, where topics such as improvements to DNS-based validation methods, automation in the EV guidelines, and identifying delegated third parties will be discussed.

**7. Code Signing Certificate Working Group update (Bruce)**

The Code Signing WG discussed ongoing work on importing EV guideline references and timestamping requirements, as well as agenda items for the upcoming face-to-face meeting.

**8. S/MIME Certificate Working Group update (Stephen)**

The S/MIME WG is working on the latest ballot and Stephen gave a quick summary of upcoming clarifications.

**9. Forum Infrastructure Subcommittee update (Jos)**

Josh Purvis from Fastly discussed the successful transition to a new static website, plans for upgrading the mail server, and improvements to the approval process for GitHub pull requests.

**10. NetSec Working Group update (Clint)**

**11. Agenda approval for F2F 61**

The agenda includes various presentations, updates, working group meetings, and discussions on topics such as IPR challenges when working with researchers, and future goals and plans.

The meeting approved the agenda. There are approximately 100 participants expected, 40 physically present and 60 remote.

Next call is March 14, 2024. Meeting adjourned.

